Written by
Matt and Trey themselves, South Park: The Stick of Truth
was probably one of the best
transitions from televised series to video
game we’ve seen yet.
There’s been a small handful of South Park
games in the past that the duo just passed
off to the developers, and the quality showed.
This time, however, things were different.
Working hands on with the developers, Matt
Stone and Trey Parker wrote the script to
probably the most crass, and hilarious game
this year.
Stick of Truth went directions many developers
are afraid to take, and the result paid off.
HTML5 Video with JS synchronized cuepoints: demo
Video and audio
Video
video displays
<source src="assets/ActuallyKindOfFunAward-2014VidyaGaemAwards.ogv" type="video/ogv">
<track id="en" kind="captions" label="English(captions)" srclang="en" src="captions/JournalUpdateAward-2014VidyaGaemAwards.vtt" default>
JournalUpdateAward-2014VidyaGaemAwards
Written by Matt and Trey themselves, South Park: The Stick of Truth
was probably one of the best transitions from televised series to video
game we’ve seen yet.
There’s been a small handful of South Park
games in the past that the duo just passed off to the developers, and the quality showed.
This time, however, things were different.
Working hands on with the developers, Matt probably the most crass, and hilarious game
this year.
Stick of Truth went directions many developers are afraid to take, and the result paid off.
film controls
Timestamped
<input type="button" id="seek" onclick="seekVideo(vid, 55)" value="Go to the middle" />
Select a video to watch
Select the video to play...
ActuallyKindOfFunAward-2014VidyaGaemAwards(mp4)
Select a caption/subtitle to read
Select a subtitle language...
English caption
Playback speed
Currently, rewind only works in Safari
>" />
" />
Test it!
Show Transcript
English